
Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ac41b26c-ccba-42bc-aefb-92f1eb513193
Review date: June 18, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (4)

Guideline 3.1.1 - Business - Payments - In-App Purchase

Issue Description

The app unlocks or enables additional functionality with mechanisms other than In-App Purchase, which is not appropriate.

Specifically, the app uses promo codes to unlock the coins.

Next Steps

It would be appropriate to remove these features from the app and any other feature that unlocks or enables functionality with mechanisms other than the App Store. 

If you want to provide discounted or free access to items or subscriptions in the app, create offer codes for In-App Purchases.

Resources

Learn more about requirements for apps that offer paid digital content and services in guideline 3.1.1.
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to paid coins but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your In-App Purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.

Resources 

- Learn more about how to offer In-App Purchases.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.